Starting an API version changelog since 04-16 (#113)
cartesia-ai/docs: fern/developer-tools/changelog.mdx

# Changelog

## Version 2025-04-16

### New Features

**New authentication**

> Check `API Conventions` and `Authenticate your app` pages for more info.

Reviewer: make these links, not titles. also don't use code tags for things that aren't code.

- Deprecated `X-API-Key`. Authorization is expected to be via the `Authorization: Bearer {apiKey}` or `Authorization: Bearer {token}` header in HTTP request.
- Support client-facing authentication using `/access-token` to generate temporary tokens without exposing your API key

### Updates to existing APIs

- Experimental controls are not compatible with `sonic-2` voices and are not supported in TTS generations
- Voice cloning only supports `similarity` clones -- this technique performs the best across-the-board on the `sonic-2` model.
- Removed `embeddings` from all endpoints.
  - `/tts` generations cannot be called with voice embeddings

>   - Voices may only be specified by Voice ID

Reviewer: maybe reword these two as:

- Voices may only be specified by Voice ID
   - `/tts` endpoints can no longer be called with embeddings

# Changelog

## Version 2025-04-16

### New Features

**New authentication**

Check `API Conventions` and `Authenticate your app` pages for more info.

> - Deprecated `X-API-Key`. Authorization is expected to be via the `Authorization: Bearer {token}` header in HTTP request.

Reviewer: we also support `Authorization: Bearer {api_key}`

- Support client-facing authentication using `/access-token` to generate temporary tokens without exposing your API key
- JavascriptSDK:
- Python SDK:

### Updates to existing APIs

- Experimental controls are not compatible with `sonic-2` voices and are not supported in TTS generations

> - Voice cloning only supports `similarity` clones -- don't worry, the `sonic-2` clones are really good

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Voice cloning only supports `similarity` clones -- this technique performs the best across-the-board on the `sonic-2` model.
```

- Removed `embeddings` from all endpoints.
  - `/tts` generations cannot be called with voice embeddings

>   - Voices may only be retrieved via TTSRequest Id Specifier

Reviewer 2: Can you clarify this change?

Author: <img width="564" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4fa5c375-a17d-4fcb-a57b-9bfe3ecc80ba" />
we no longer want to support using embeddings to make TTS requests, so I removed Ttsrequest Embedding Specifier from the doc

Reviewer 2: have we always had "Ttsrequest ID Specifier"?? that looks wrong

Reviewer: Yeah I think here we should just call it a Voice ID, eg:

> Voices may only be specified by Voice ID
